hello then review of the lipsticks mule me
if you have 12 large assortment of
colors you go from judo to these skins to the
opa green obviously couldn't have
a better name than what I have
applied now what I have on
lips is flamingo the number 09 at the end
of the video and I would find paice elves that I have
made with lipsticks because I have to say
that I tried them chiti is why we are there
I also spent a while to do this
review
first I want to congratulate the
dinner because finally there are in Italy
there is the possibility of taking that already
having the chance is a great thing
buy lipsticks other than the
usually red that is not the usual news
there are also those, however, there are colors
even less portable in quotation marks
because in the end everything is really
subjective here it seems superfluous to say that
a green is not as portable as a
red but I repeat already have the
possibility of taking a lipstick
green if i want it is a me
great thing and must be must
be appreciated because risk with
make up is not for everyone
let's move on to mine
to my review on these aspects are
all matte lipsticks see that free
tv now that the classic red of
then applying it collection has a
very particular effect the consistency
creamy by applying them you have to stay a while
more careful don't just slip
very good on the lips but this is the
consistency and the n
depends very much on the formulation from
fact, however, that they are few
a little more full-bodied and compared to many
others support lipsticks to many others
formulations are not true or seven between
so much to keep this in mind
does not mean that they dry their lips if
let them be dry lips
you have to pay attention because
surely they are not lipsticks that
they give hydration that moisturize the lips
but I always recommend always in
these cases with these types of
lipsticks to scrub if you are
they want to apply and are not the
lips are a problem of of lips
dried or with the passing of the
hours feels anyway lips start to
pull apply a very light mo
really light lip balm
and of course the finish changes though
at least they remain pleasant on the lips
matte lipsticks
they are really very beautiful also because
even in this case it is not always easy
find dull lipsticks like that
of such vibrant collaborations that
are opaque and are covering because
these lipsticks are really opaque
what I like least but
you will be surprises and think maybe oh well
knowing me maybe I don't have to say that
lily this here that a lot lilac
clear is that then go see the
photo the one I think gives less
to complexions and I must say that I have it
tried on mine and i really am
very clear makes me the effect precisely the
typical eighties lipstick effect no
super clear lips serves and I do it
I'd call that a lot of salmon too
particular as color there is no
other color than right now
least I can think of
and that it can approach this color
as for news
I must say that I personally prefer a
skin skin and is a little more like rosé
as a shade therefore more suitable
girls very blonde girls
clearer still clearer than me instead
I find that mou is a good universal with
this fishing undertone
I really like the niod very much
they prefer others like pretty woman
like marilyn they are colors anyway
most common are the most common colors
definitely not to be found
compared to other shades I have
showed
I find that the duration is indeed very much
good i used don't remember if i remember 6
marilyn maybe marilyn and I went alone
from the outside I practically used it
all day I ate drank
and at the end of the day you could see
again this is a particular thing
obviously it wasn't perfect but later
those those five six hours and after
to have especially after eating
drunk was still there so I wanted it
just try this so yes you are
hours
a 6 hours obviously I repeat it was not
perfect though it was still compared to
many other colors, many other lipsticks
that go away much faster and it is
I hope that the review was useful
I leave to the self with the set
Hello